DOC-9489: Replace autofailover 'max events' with 'max nodes' (#2324)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/clusters-and-availability/automatic-failover.adoc

This page describes auto-failover concepts and policy.
For information on managing auto-failover, see the information provided for Couchbase Web Console at xref:manage:manage-settings/general-settings.adoc[General] (which provides information on general cluster-settings), for the REST API at xref:rest-api:rest-cluster-autofailover-intro.adoc[Managing Auto-Failover], and for the CLI at xref:cli:cbcli/couchbase-cli-setting-autofailover.adoc[setting-autofailover].

> == Failover Nodes

Reviewer: The change of Events to Nodes here is not necessary. This is a section header just describing what can trigger a failover.

> Auto-failover occurs in response to failed/failing nodes.

Reviewer: not necessary to change. This is not talking about the parameter. Rather it is talking about events in general. Same with line 22.

Auto-failover is triggered:

* Only on the occurrence of one failure at a time.

> If multiple nodes fail concurrently, auto-failover is not triggered.

Reviewer: This is not true in 7.1. Where are the changes you made as part of https://github.com/couchbase/docs-server/pull/2225? You need to retain those as well.
We can now auto-failover multiple nodes at the same time.

Author: The changes for 2225 haven't been merged in yet, so they're living on a separate branch.

Author: Since this is related to https://github.com/couchbase/docs-server/pull/2225, it's probably easier to review them together. I'll merge the changes from this branch into 2225

> If multiple nodes fail concurrently, auto-failover is not triggered.

Reviewer: This is wrong. The whole auto-failover improvement is about multiple concurrent failures. I thought we had reviewed the changes already. So how did these 2 lines show up like this again? Did we lose the first set of changes?

* Sequentially, only up to an administrator-specified maximum number of auto-failover nodes.
The highest permitted maximum is 3.
After this maximum number of auto-failovers has been reached, no further auto-failover occurs, until the count is manually reset by the administrator, or until a rebalance is successfully performed.
Note, however, that the count can be manually reset, or a rebalance performed, prior to the maximum number being reached.
* In no circumstances where data-loss might result: for example, when a bucket has no replicas.

> Therefore, even a single node may not be responded to; and an administrator-specified maximum number of failed nodes may not be reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, even a single event may not be responded to; and an administrator-specified maximum number of failed nodes may not be reached.
```

The number of seconds that must elapse, after a node or group has become unresponsive, before auto-failover is triggered. This number is configurable: the default is 120 seconds; the minimum permitted is 5; the maximum 3600.
Note that a low number reduces the potential time-period during which a consistently unresponsive node remains unresponsive before auto-failover is triggered; but may also result in auto-failover being unnecessarily triggered, in consequence of short, intermittent periods of node unavailability.
* _Maximum count_.

> The maximum number of failover nodes that can occur sequentially and be handled by auto-failover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of nodes that can fail (either concurrently or sequentially in one or more events) and be handled by auto-failover.
```

> The maximum-allowed value is 3, the default is 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum value can be up to configured number of nodes, the default is 1.
```

> This parameter is available in Enterprise Edition only: in Community Edition, the maximum number of failover nodes that can occur sequentially and be handled by auto-failover is always 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is available in Enterprise Edition only: in Community Edition, the maximum number of nodes that can fail and be handled by auto-failover is always 1.
```

* _Count_.

> The number of failover nodes that have occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of nodes that have already failed over.
```
